Add `frozendict` support for 3.15+ (#1052)
jcrist/msgspec: docs/perf-tips.rst

    Example(my_first_field="some string", my_second_field=2)

Think about type conversion
---------------------------

When converting raw data into Python types, the internal machinery
will treat different datastructures differently.
Some type conversions are faster than others.

For example, this model:

.. code-block:: python

  class Example(msgspec.Struct):
      items: frozendict[str, int]  # requires Python3.15+ to be used

  msg = b'{"items": {"pen": 1, "book": 2}}'
  msgspec.json.decode(msg, type=Example)
  # Example(items=frozendict({"pen": 1, "book": 2}))

Will first parse ``items`` as a regular :class:`dict`

> and will then convert it to ``frozendict`` using ``O(n)`` complexity.

Reviewer: A bit more precise and also explaining the reason *why*: (don't have to use this literal phrasing):

```suggestion
As `frozendict` does not allow adding items one at a time, 
msgspec will first parse ``items`` as a regular :class:`dict`,
and will then convert it to ``frozendict``, which results in the 
total decoding operation having ``O(n*2)`` time complexity.
```

Which might be slow on big dictionaries and consume more memory.
Regular :class:`dict` would be faster to use.

The same can be said for :class:`tuple` vs :class:`list`:

.. code-block:: python

    >>> class Example(msgspec.Struct):
    ...     items: tuple[str, ...]

    >>> msg = b'{"items": ["pen", "book"]}'

    >>> msgspec.json.decode(msg, type=Example)
    Example(items=("pen", "book"))

We would first create a ``list`` object and then convert it to ``tuple``,
using double the memory and ``O(n)`` time to do that.

> This is true for all conversion methods.

Reviewer: Maybe something like

```suggestion
This is true for all conversions, that require an intermediate representation.
```
?

To achieve the best performance,

> use native ``json`` types: ``list`` and ``dict``.

Reviewer: Other collection types can be used as well, e.g. `set` does not have the overhead, as it can be constructed iteratively.

    >>> msgspec.json.decode(msg, type=Example)
    Example(items=("pen", "book"))

We would first create a ``list`` object and then convert
it to variable-sized ``tuple``,
using double the memory and ``O(n*2)`` time to do that.
This is true for all conversions, that require an intermediate representation.

To achieve the best performance,
use collection types that can be constructed natively:

> ``list``, ``set``, ``frozenset``, fixed-sized ``tuple``, and ``dict``.

Reviewer: Just curious, do you know why `PySet_Add` can add to a `frozenset`, but `PyDict_SetItem` cannot be used on a `frozendict`?

Was there a reasoning behind it?
